What is Fluent Interface in Java Selenium ?
What is Builder Pattern in Java Selenium?
Difference Functional Page Object and Structural Page Objects
Just to check git status










Services sold
Deal sizes
Customers
Industries she has sold to



6 Aug - 2.30 pm / 4.30pm IST

8 Aug - 2.30 - 3.30 pm IST or 6.30pm /7.30pm

Friday 9 Aug - 5.30 - 7.30 pm IST




Hi Rahul,

Hope you’re doing well.

This is Kiran from BPO Recruit, the Account Manager for Persistent Systems.

Could we arrange a call with you today or tomorrow to help assist you with these positions?


https://www.linkedin.com/in/topsalesperformer/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/kacimaciej/


Can we book your calendar for Thursday, 8th Aug at 6.30pm or 7.30pm IST
Friday 9 Aug between 5.30 - 7.30 pm IST


 instant project

rpf
tech aspects sap hana
cloud migration
how to guide the client
clinet communicate

RFPs
12 yrs
culture knwlege

good discussion
hero move

SAP solution strategy
Experience of solution design within SAP S/4HANA Implementation
Experience in SAP Public Cloud and IT transformation, Digital and Business Transformation 
SAP S4 HANA-led transformation deals.
S/4HANA Transformation Programs, SAP Cloud Migrations
Experience in RFP/RFIs


notice period

30th July - plan for india


Athreya 


Spoke to Arpit, he actually joined another org last week. He was very keen on EXL but due to the delay, he joined elsewhere.
He is still open for a call with EXL & wants to understand if this is going to be an interview again or just a normal chat. Since he has newly joined he can only spend 30mins on this call.
He got a base of 120K CAD in this new org


Org

Call with Ankur
tech questions
Ankur will screening up against client
once go ahead
later another prep call with the client
70%



Just brush up on the tech questions asked last time
Please give examples while giving your answers if needed or asked.
Once this goes well, they will prep you for the client interview.



Daniel Shoop & Niraj Kadakia are In pipeline for consideration
Niraj Kadakia-  In pipeline for consideration


Persistent  
- Janae: never came back on availability when  client wanted 2nd stage
David Jebakumar - 1st stage interview



Caroline - 1st stage - Shared availability, Keshav has to come back	
Daniel  - 1st stage done, feedback pending
Richard  -	1st stage TBS	
Derrek	- 1st stage TBS
David -1st stage TBS, David is traveling, he'll share his availability after 2 days.


Persistent Systems logo
Persistent SystemsPersistent Systems
18 yrs 11 mos18 yrs 11 mos
Vice President of Sales, Cx and CRM for Healthcare and Lifesciences



Call was good
nothing technical, just basics
but it was a managerial discussion, around client facing etc
He was good, & this was another person. not from the last time.

He also asked abt Architect level questions, he knows how things are done but he doesn't have hands on exp in Architecturel side. he has worked as an Engineer.

Hey P, spoke to Arpit last night.

The call was fine.
Nothing technical, just the basics.
but it was a managerial discussion, around client-facing, Architecting, etc
He felt they needed strong Architectural experience, and he has understanding but not in-depth knowledge of designing & Architecting. His core experience is in Data Engineering.
So, he wasn't sure if he was the right guy for this role. Wanted to know their feedback.
Earlier all the rounds were hardcore technical & everything was related to his experience only.


expanding team need any help

He said - Sorry, I cannot make it this time today.  I have availability on Monday and Tuesday afternoons. 

need team

Hey
P has asked you to write an email to Michael keeping me & her in CC.
Like a causal touch base email + how r u, how things r going on etc.
Also, if you are planning to expand the team & need any help. Let us know


Years of experience in Databricks: 6
Any experience in the Insurance domain:
SQL: 6
Current Location: Saint Petersburg/ Tampa
Work authorization (Specify validity of Work permit for applicable cases):EAD - 2027
Sponsorship needed? : No
Expertise & Primary Skill Sets: Azure Databricks , SQL , Python
Currently on a project: No
Reason for Change: Project got over
Notice Period: No
Salary Expectations: 120K
Interviewed by EXL services Team in recent days? No



Slots  for friday

11:30-12:00PM
10:30-11:30AM
10:30-11:30AM
10:00AM-12:00PM





Nripen Kaperi
Satish Kumar Boda
Madhusmita Nayak
Vindhya Kandhi



Persistent  
- Caroline - 1st stage - Shared availability, - role is under approval stage / they will come back
- Daniel  - 1st stage done, feedback pending - role is under approval stage / they will come back
- Richard  - 1st stage done, feedback pending - role is under approval stage / they will come back
- Derrek - L1 done, feedback is 50:50 / HM has to come back 


Please let Rakesh know that all the new roles are being reviewed once again for approval by senior leadership. Hence the delay.


not very tech

service delivery
nit technical

150K Cad

project 

L3 support 

Pls delete all the following names from the algo sheet as they are rejected:

Client Partner ( Med Devices )  
Kerri Groenke - CV FP

Client Partner ( Cloud , Security & Infra Sales )
David Jebakumar  - Drop  - L1 backout / accepted another offer

Client Partner - HLS - Salesforce

Jason Hildebrandt - Rejected  
Cameron Fitch - Rejected  
Gary G  - Rejected  
Megan Munch  - Rejected  
Joseph Serina - Rejected  
Derrek Galloway - L1 FP

Client Partner - Software AG
Niraj Kadakia - CV FP
Daniel Shoop - CV FP
Serge Nikiforov - CV FP

Sr Account Manager/ Client Partner - Paris 
Caroline Boscher - L1 TBS
Franck Ferero  - Rejected 
Bertrand Vigneau  - Rejected 
Nicolas Sohier  - Rejected 
Patrick Clodin  - Rejected 




Yaar ye Arpit bol raha hai, Anureet ne usko bola that she has got positive feedback from Ankur & Namit verbally. Just waiting for the feedback in writing.
She asked my notice, salary etc. what happened now


Persistent - Still the same 
- Daniel  - 1st stage done, feedback pending
- Richard  - awaiting 2nd stage interview

His last email was - This role has not been approved by the management, hence I am unable to move forward with any candidates here as of now. I will touch base on this, once I have a go ahead.



side lining
engageing 
Aug
positions - challenges 

payment - 50%
90 days 50%

Manisha / 

AS per contract 50 % of the fees will be dsiburss after 90 days
Pain
late panelty

50% 45 days pending


50% read msc / contract

90% days 
45 days - 1st

50% of the fees is released or Peter


today tomorrow

medi - have some one atlater stage
pharma - still open
not to look gsk / abott 

secondy owners oof the supply chain
mange
Who is managing acconts - cbs health
athna
Who sells - pharmavy supplies 

we need candidates from IT services companies, ideally selling Data & AI to 

it services - data / analytivs - supply chain
east coast , pen, connec, florida, virgina, NY, NJ
No Chicago

& salesforce hls - 3 positions
East coast, 

custom
united hlg
davita
paraxel,
mckson,
frasicusin
AMs -

bfsi - 1 

east coast, 
if  Chicago, dallas
20+ avp
cp

Back burner

softwareAG role is cancelled / if something comes up he'll let us know
private eqity - dicy


all the stakeholdera they are suggestion - hired -
CP
request - CEO - justify - hoew much business 
NO justifications 

4-5 feedbacks / scrapped / on hold
ceo is asking for justification

back burner / private equity

Happy to bring more positions, calling us 
Spoil our 


The leadership team is 

As P mentioned - The business has slowed down at Persistent, it was going good until last month

 some restructuring going on within the Leadership team So all the roles are back in the approval stage, they are scrapping many roles as well. So he doesn't want to waste our time on working.

For most of the roles Approvals are pending
Initially they all were approved, but there is some restructuring going on within the Leadership team So all the roles are back in the approval stage, they are scrapping many roles as well. So he doesn't want to waste our time on working.

For now, he has asked us to focus on replacement roles until he gets clarity on the approvals for other roles.
Pharma role - its a bit challenging, but now they have opened a few more locations to get candidates from. So Will try to share more CVs here.
Salesforce role HLS is 
Also I'm trying to connect with other pOCs as well to get new roles 

Not involved in Finance


efforts estimation and some basic question

ok

himself

effort estimation for 1 country
shell

small company
2 plants

surprise, mid segm

green feild, brown feild
implementation

within half an hour 
concluded






